com/yaps/petstore/web/FindUsersControllerTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.FindUsersControllerTest
com/yaps/petstore/domain/dao/OrderDAOTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.dao.OrderDAOTest
com/yaps/petstore/web/CreateCustomerTestWebClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.CreateCustomerTestWebClient
AllTests.java
 AllTests
com/yaps/petstore/configuration/TestConfig.java
 com.yaps.petstore.configuration.TestConfig
com/yaps/petstore/authentication/domain/service/UserServiceTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.authentication.domain.service.UserServiceTest
com/yaps/petstore/web/SearchItemsTestWebClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.SearchItemsTestWebClient
com/yaps/petstore/web/UpdateAccountTestWebClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.UpdateAccountTestWebClient
com/yaps/petstore/domain/service/CatalogServiceTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.service.CatalogServiceTest
com/yaps/petstore/web/WebTestMockMvc.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.WebTestMockMvc
com/yaps/petstore/domain/service/OrderServiceTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.service.OrderServiceTest
com/yaps/petstore/web/OrderTestWebClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.OrderTestWebClient
com/yaps/petstore/domain/model/ItemTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.model.ItemTest
com/yaps/petstore/domain/dao/CategoryDAOTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.dao.CategoryDAOTest
com/yaps/petstore/domain/dao/ProductDAOTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.dao.ProductDAOTest
com/yaps/petstore/web/ProductRestTestClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.ProductRestTestClient
com/yaps/petstore/domain/service/CreditCardServiceTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.service.CreditCardServiceTest
com/yaps/petstore/domain/dao/ItemDAOTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.dao.ItemDAOTest
com/yaps/petstore/authentication/domain/dao/UserDAOTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.authentication.domain.dao.UserDAOTest
com/yaps/petstore/web/CatagoryRestTestClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.CatagoryRestTestClient
com/yaps/petstore/web/VisualiseCatalogTestWebClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.VisualiseCatalogTestWebClient
com/yaps/petstore/web/ManageCatalogTestWebClient.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.ManageCatalogTestWebClient
com/yaps/petstore/util/UniqueIdGeneratorTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.util.UniqueIdGeneratorTest
com/yaps/petstore/domain/service/ShoppingCartTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.service.ShoppingCartTest
com/yaps/petstore/domain/dao/OrderLineDAOTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.domain.dao.OrderLineDAOTest
com/yaps/petstore/web/ShoppingCartWebTest.java
 com.yaps.petstore.web.ShoppingCartWebTest
